#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
argparse==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
asn1crypto==1.4.0
    # via scramp
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   sagemaker
awswrangler==2.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via redshift-connector
black==22.1.0
    # via pandera
boto3==1.20.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awswrangler
    #   redshift-connector
    #   sagemaker
botocore==1.23.31
    # via
    #   awswrangler
    #   boto3
    #   redshift-connector
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   opensearch-py
    #   requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   frictionless
    #   requests
click==8.0.4
    # via
    #   black
    #   typer
colorama==0.4.4
    # via typer
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonpath-ng
    #   validators
dill==0.3.4
    # via
    #   multiprocess
    #   pathos
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
fonttools==4.28.5
    # via matplotlib
frictionless==4.28.0
    # via pandera
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via sagemaker
idna==2.10
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==4.10.0
    # via sagemaker
isodate==0.6.1
    # via frictionless
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpath-ng==1.5.3
    # via awswrangler
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via frictionless
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
lightgbm==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==4.7.1
    # via redshift-connector
marko==1.2.0
    # via frictionless
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
multiprocess==0.70.12.2
    # via pathos
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   typing-inspect
numpy==1.21.0
    # via
    #   awswrangler
    #   lightgbm
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pandera
    #   patsy
    #   pyarrow
    #   sagemaker
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   xgboost
openpyxl==3.0.9
    # via awswrangler
opensearch-py==1.0.0
    # via awswrangler
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandera
    #   redshift-connector
    #   sagemaker
    #   statsmodels
pandas==1.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   awswrangler
    #   pandera
    #   sagemaker
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
pandera[io]==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pathos==0.2.8
    # via sagemaker
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
patsy==0.5.2
    # via statsmodels
petl==1.7.8
    # via frictionless
pg8000==1.21.3
    # via awswrangler
pillow==9.0.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==2.5.1
    # via black
ply==3.11
    # via jsonpath-ng
pox==0.3.0
    # via pathos
ppft==1.6.6.4
    # via pathos
progressbar2==3.55.0
    # via awswrangler
protobuf==3.19.1
    # via
    #   protobuf3-to-dict
    #   sagemaker
protobuf3-to-dict==0.1.5
    # via sagemaker
pyarrow==5.0.0
    # via
    #   awswrangler
    #   pandera
pymysql==1.0.2
    # via awswrangler
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   frictionless
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-slugify==6.1.1
    # via frictionless
python-utils==3.0.0
    # via progressbar2
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   redshift-connector
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   frictionless
    #   pandera
redshift-connector==2.0.902
    # via awswrangler
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   frictionless
    #   redshift-connector
    #   requests-aws4auth
requests-aws4auth==1.1.1
    # via awswrangler
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via frictionless
s3transfer==0.5.0
    # via boto3
sagemaker==2.72.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightgbm
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   lightgbm
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   xgboost
scramp==1.4.1
    # via
    #   pg8000
    #   redshift-connector
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.4.0
    # via typer
simpleeval==0.9.12
    # via frictionless
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   google-pasta
    #   isodate
    #   jsonpath-ng
    #   patsy
    #   ppft
    #   progressbar2
    #   protobuf3-to-dict
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-aws4auth
    #   validators
smdebug_rulesconfig==1.0.1
    # via sagemaker
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
statsmodels==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via frictionless
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
threadpoolctl==3.0.0
    # via scikit-learn
tomli==2.0.1
    # via black
typer[all]==0.4.0
    # via frictionless
typing-extensions==4.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.7.1
    # via pandera
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   opensearch-py
    #   requests
validators==0.18.2
    # via frictionless
wheel==0.37.1
    # via lightgbm
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via pandera
xgboost==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.7.0
    # via importlib-metadata
